Add CIS Benchmark documentation to KubeOne (#1637)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubeone/main/guides/cis-benchmarking/_index.en.md

+++
title = "CIS Benchmarking"
date = 2024-03-06T12:00:00+02:00
+++

[CIS Benchmark for Kubernetes](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes) is a guide that consists of secure configuration guidelines and best practices developed for Kubernetes.

> In this document, information how it can be run on KubeOne clusters and what to expect as the result is described.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
In this document, information how it can be run on a Kubernetes cluster created using KubeOne and what to expect as the result is described.
```
